README.md, before:

# ⌚ Harvest Time Tracking CLI

This is a [zx](https://github.com/google/zx)-based cli tool to manage the
personal [Harvest](https://harvestapp.com) timer using
its [API v2](https://help.getharvest.com/api-v2/).

**Start** this script with (cf. prerequisites):

```
npx zx index.js
```

**Exit** the script with `ctrl+c`.

**Tip**: Create an alias within your bash; e.g., `harvest=npx zx <path-to-script>/index.js`.

## 🎨 Features

- ✅ shows today's entries (with breaks, conflicts, and missing notes)
- ✅ show entries of preceding workdays (max. five workdays)
- ✅ start timer (for a project task with notes)
  - ✅ exclude irrelevant projects from prompts via config
- ✅ restart timer (choose an entry from preceding workdays)
- ✅ stop running timer
- 💡 _TODO_ start timer with start-time edit
- 💡 _TODO_ start timer with custom rules via config
- 💡 _TODO_ edit entries (start-time, end-time, task, notes)
- 💡 _TODO_ restart timer with edit (start-time, task, notes)
- 💡 _TODO_ stop timer with edit (end-time)
- 💡 _TODO_ fix overlaps
- 💡 _TODO_ fix gaps (unwanted breaks)
- 💡 _TODO_ delete entries
- 💡 _TODO_ bundle to binary (e.g., with [pgk](https://github.com/vercel/pkg)?)

## 💻 Prerequisites

- **Node** version >= 16.0.0
- Install project dependencies with `npm install`
- Create a Harvest [**developer API token
  **](https://help.getharvest.com/api-v2/authentication-api/authentication/authentication/)
    - Set the environment variables `HARVEST_ACCOUNT_ID` and `HARVEST_API_TOKEN`;
      e.g., in the `.env` file

## ⚙ Config

The configuration for the script is saved in .json-files under the `.config` directory. 
If a configuration file is missing, a default one will be created. The files are read only once on startup.

## 🐛 Known Issues

- Unknown unknowns 🤷‍♂️

## 📚 Used Libraries

* [dayjs](https://github.com/iamkun/dayjs/) (MIT license)
* [fuzzy](https://github.com/mattyork/fuzzy) (MIT license)
* [got](https://github.com/sindresorhus/got) (MIT license)
* [inquirer](https://github.com/SBoudrias/Inquirer.js) (MIT license)
* [inquirer-autocomplete-prompt](https://github.com/mokkabonna/inquirer-autocomplete-prompt) (ISC
  license)
* [zx](https://github.com/google/zx) (Apache-2.0 license)

Commit message:

input optional start time when starting a new timer

README.md, after:

# ⌚ Harvest Time Tracking CLI

This is a [zx](https://github.com/google/zx)-based cli tool to manage the
personal [Harvest](https://harvestapp.com) timer using
its [API v2](https://help.getharvest.com/api-v2/).

**Start** this script with (cf. prerequisites):

```
npx zx index.js
```

**Exit** the script with `ctrl+c`.

**Tip**: Create an alias within your bash; e.g., `harvest=npx zx <path-to-script>/index.js`.

## 🎨 Features

- ✅ shows today's entries (with breaks, conflicts, and missing notes)
- ✅ show entries of preceding workdays (max. five workdays)
- ✅ start timer (on a project task with notes and optional start time)
  - ✅ exclude irrelevant projects from prompts via config
- ✅ restart timer (choose an entry from preceding workdays)
- ✅ stop running timer
- 💡 _TODO_ start timer with custom rules via config
- 💡 _TODO_ edit entries (start-time, end-time, task, notes)
- 💡 _TODO_ restart timer with edit (start-time, task, notes)
- 💡 _TODO_ stop timer with edit (end-time)
- 💡 _TODO_ fix overlaps
- 💡 _TODO_ fix gaps (unwanted breaks)
- 💡 _TODO_ delete entries
- 💡 _TODO_ bundle to binary (e.g., with [pgk](https://github.com/vercel/pkg)?)

## 💻 Prerequisites

- **Node** version >= 16.0.0
- Install project dependencies with `npm install`
- Create a Harvest [**developer API token
  **](https://help.getharvest.com/api-v2/authentication-api/authentication/authentication/)
    - Set the environment variables `HARVEST_ACCOUNT_ID` and `HARVEST_API_TOKEN`;
      e.g., in the `.env` file

## ⚙ Config

The configuration for the script is saved in .json-files under the `.config` directory. 
If a configuration file is missing, a default one will be created. The files are read only once on startup.

## 🐛 Known Issues

- Stop action isn't shown when a timer is running but its start time is before the start time of the latest entry. 
- Unknown unknowns 🤷‍♂️

## 📚 Used Libraries

* [dayjs](https://github.com/iamkun/dayjs/) (MIT license)
* [fuzzy](https://github.com/mattyork/fuzzy) (MIT license)
* [got](https://github.com/sindresorhus/got) (MIT license)
* [inquirer](https://github.com/SBoudrias/Inquirer.js) (MIT license)
* [inquirer-autocomplete-prompt](https://github.com/mokkabonna/inquirer-autocomplete-prompt) (ISC
  license)
* [zx](https://github.com/google/zx) (Apache-2.0 license)
